Clarify wording of pack, pack_bits and merkleize (#1934)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: ssz/simple-serialize.md

   * `List[B, N]` and `Vector[B, N]`, where `B` is a basic type: `(N * size_of(B) + 31) // 32` (dividing by chunk size, rounding up)
   * `List[C, N]` and `Vector[C, N]`, where `C` is a composite type: `N`
   * containers: `len(fields)`
* `pack(values)`: Given ordered objects of the same basic type:

>    1. Serialize the values into bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Serialize `values` into bytes objects.
```

>    1. If not aligned to a multiple of `BYTES_PER_CHUNK` bytes, right-pad with zeroes to the next multiple.
>    1. Partition the bytes into `BYTES_PER_CHUNK`-byte chunks.
>    1. Return the chunks.

Reviewer: nitpicking from a raw markdown reader.
```suggestion
   2. If not aligned to a multiple of `BYTES_PER_CHUNK` bytes, right-pad with zeroes to the next multiple.
   3. Partition the bytes into `BYTES_PER_CHUNK`-byte chunks.
   4. Return the chunks.
```
